Alipay arrives
Xu Zhengyue, you lost
How is this possible?
How are you so rich
It must be you
Are you Longjing Tiantuo?
Yes, it must be your fault.
No, no, I don't have Xu Guardian
You misunderstood.
How could I possibly be Mr. Long's trust, right?
You and your wife are going to cheat
Hmm, we can't lose
You just hired a sales manager to be your trust
You have no money to buy it right
You team up to deceive people
You wait for me.
I will complain to you now.
Your name is Ang Lee, right?
No, no.
Mr. Rong, please help me
I don't want to lose my job because of a complaint
I still have a family to support
I beg you.
Are you confused?
Why are you begging him?
What can a poor man do for you?
This is a lesson for you
You just come and beat him now
I won't complain to you.
Let me fight Mr. Dragon hurry up
Otherwise, I will complain to you right now.